K8S architecture would be scalable, self-healing and redundant.
High availability is achieved by replicating web, app, and database containers. Patroni handles DB leader failover automatically.
Of course, if the master node fails, all services will jump to one of the worker nodes, meaning also node high availability is achieved.

K8S ARCHITECTURE DIAGRAM:
User Browser
      |
      v
Ingress Controller x2
      |
      v
Web Pods x2  <------->  Persistent Volume: /media
      |                     ^
      |                     |
      v                     v
App Service ------->  App Pods x2
      |
      v
Patroni Cluster x3

The flow is exactly the same, only now every service has a DR service if it happens to fail.
We would have deployments for every service: A web deployment, an app deployment, and a Patroni deployment. There will also be 2
services: A LoadBalancer type service, and an internal app service.

IN DEPTH DEPLOYMENT AND SERVICE EXPLANATION:
The ingress controller deployemnt would consist of 2 replicas, fronted by a LoadBalacer type service. If one ingress pod fails,
traffic is routed to another pod. The external load balancer handles balancing traffic to the healthy ingress pods.
The web deployment will consist of 2 web replicas, traffic from the ingress is routed via a ClusterIP service to any available web pod.
The app deployemnt will consist of 2 app replicas. Requests incoming from the web deployment will be balanced between both pods,
and failed pods are restarted automatically by Kubernetes.
The Patroni deployment will consist of 3 replicas - a primary and 2 slaves. Patroni monitors the pods' health and promotes a slave
if the primary fails.

MULTI-REGION:
For an even more disaster-resistent application , we could design a multi-region architecture:
There would be 2 different regions with an independent K8S cluster in each one. A global LB would be needed to route traffic to clusters
in different regions. The patroni clusters would be replicated between regions, with the primary region being where the primary db
deployment is. The db data will be replicated to the second region via patroni WALS, where the second region db deployment will be in
read-only mode. In case of failover, the other region will be promoted and traffic will be rerouted to the new primary region.
Each cluster would be built exactly the same as i described earlier.     